DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# RAN Insight Pro - Vercel Deployment Guide

## 🚀 Deploy to Vercel

### Prerequisites
1. **Vercel Account**: Sign up at [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
2. **Clerk Account**: Sign up at [clerk.com](https://clerk.com)
3. **GitHub Repository**: Your code should be pushed to GitHub

### Step 1: Set up Clerk Authentication

1. **Create a Clerk Application**:
   - Go to [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com)
   - Click "Create Application"
   - Choose "Next.js" as your framework
   - Copy your API keys

2. **Configure Environment Variables**:
   - In your local `.env.local` file, add:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
   ```

### Step 2: Deploy to Vercel

1. **Connect to Vercel**:
   - Go to [Vercel Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard)
   - Click "New Project"
   - Import your GitHub repository
   - Select your `ran-insight-pro` repository

2. **Configure Environment Variables in Vercel**:
   - In Vercel project settings, go to "Environment Variables"
   - Add the following variables:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY = pk_test_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY = sk_test_...
   ```

3. **Deploy**:
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Vercel will automatically build and deploy your application

### Step 3: Configure Clerk for Production

1. **Update Clerk Settings**:
   - In Clerk Dashboard, go to "Domains"
   - Add your Vercel domain (e.g., `your-app.vercel.app`)
   - Update allowed origins

2. **Test Authentication**:
   - Visit your deployed app
   - Test sign-in/sign-up functionality
   - Verify file upload and analysis works

## 🔧 Local Development

### Run the Application Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# The app will be available at http://localhost:3000
```

### Environment Setup

1. **Copy environment file**:
   ```bash
   cp env.local.example .env.local
   ```

2. **Add your Clerk keys** to `.env.local`

## 📊 Features

### ✅ What's Included
- **Authentication**: Clerk-powered user management
- **File Upload**: CSV file analysis for RAN data
- **Data Visualization**: Interactive charts and KPIs
- **AI Analysis**: Automated insights and summaries
- **Responsive Design**: Works on all devices

### 🔒 Security Features
- **Route Protection**: Middleware-based authentication
- **API Security**: Protected endpoints with Clerk
- **Environment Variables**: Secure configuration management

## 🚀 Production Optimizations

### Performance
- **Serverless Functions**: Automatic scaling
- **Edge Caching**: Global CDN distribution
- **Image Optimization**: Automatic image processing

### Monitoring
- **Vercel Analytics**: Built-in performance monitoring
- **Error Tracking**: Automatic error reporting
- **Uptime Monitoring**: 99.9% uptime guarantee

## 🔄 Updates and Maintenance

### Deploying Updates
1. **Push to GitHub**: Your changes will auto-deploy
2. **Environment Variables**: Update in Vercel dashboard
3. **Database Changes**: Handle through API routes

### Scaling
- **Automatic Scaling**: Vercel handles traffic spikes
- **Global Distribution**: Edge functions worldwide
- **Zero Downtime**: Seamless deployments

## 📞 Support

- **Vercel Docs**: [vercel.com/docs](https://vercel.com/docs)
- **Clerk Docs**: [clerk.com/docs](https://clerk.com/docs)
- **Next.js Docs**: [nextjs.org/docs](https://nextjs.org/docs)

---

**Your RAN Insight Pro application is now ready for production deployment on Vercel!** 🎉

Commit message:

Integrate OpenAI API for enhanced AI analysis
- Add OpenAI package for AI-powered RAN analysis
- Update environment configuration for OpenAI API key
- Enhance API route with professional AI insights
- Add fallback analysis when OpenAI is unavailable
- Update Vercel configuration for OpenAI environment variables
- Improve deployment guide with OpenAI setup instructions
- Add comprehensive error handling for AI analysis

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# RAN Insight Pro - Vercel Deployment Guide

## 🚀 Deploy to Vercel

### Prerequisites
1. **Vercel Account**: Sign up at [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
2. **Clerk Account**: Sign up at [clerk.com](https://clerk.com)
3. **GitHub Repository**: Your code should be pushed to GitHub

### Step 1: Set up Authentication and AI Services

1. **Create a Clerk Application**:
   - Go to [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com)
   - Click "Create Application"
   - Choose "Next.js" as your framework
   - Copy your API keys

2. **Get OpenAI API Key**:
   - Go to [OpenAI Platform](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys)
   - Sign up or log in to your account
   - Click "Create new secret key"
   - Copy your API key (starts with `sk-`)
   - **Note**: You'll need to add billing information to use the API

2. **Configure Environment Variables**:
   - In your local `.env.local` file, add:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=pk_test_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
   OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
   OPENAI_MODEL=gpt-4o-mini
   OPENAI_MAX_TOKENS=1000
   ```

### Step 2: Deploy to Vercel

1. **Connect to Vercel**:
   - Go to [Vercel Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard)
   - Click "New Project"
   - Import your GitHub repository
   - Select your `ran-insight-pro` repository

2. **Configure Environment Variables in Vercel**:
   - In Vercel project settings, go to "Environment Variables"
   - Add the following variables:
   ```
   NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY = pk_test_...
   CLERK_SECRET_KEY = sk_test_...
   OPENAI_API_KEY = sk-...
   OPENAI_MODEL = gpt-4o-mini
   OPENAI_MAX_TOKENS = 1000
   ```

3. **Deploy**:
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Vercel will automatically build and deploy your application

### Step 3: Configure Clerk for Production

1. **Update Clerk Settings**:
   - In Clerk Dashboard, go to "Domains"
   - Add your Vercel domain (e.g., `your-app.vercel.app`)
   - Update allowed origins

2. **Test Authentication**:
   - Visit your deployed app
   - Test sign-in/sign-up functionality
   - Verify file upload and analysis works

## 🔧 Local Development

### Run the Application Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# The app will be available at http://localhost:3000
```

### Environment Setup

1. **Copy environment file**:
   ```bash
   cp env.local.example .env.local
   ```

2. **Add your Clerk keys** to `.env.local`

## 📊 Features

### ✅ What's Included
- **Authentication**: Clerk-powered user management
- **File Upload**: CSV file analysis for RAN data
- **Data Visualization**: Interactive charts and KPIs
- **AI Analysis**: Automated insights and summaries
- **Responsive Design**: Works on all devices

### 🔒 Security Features
- **Route Protection**: Middleware-based authentication
- **API Security**: Protected endpoints with Clerk
- **Environment Variables**: Secure configuration management

## 🚀 Production Optimizations

### Performance
- **Serverless Functions**: Automatic scaling
- **Edge Caching**: Global CDN distribution
- **Image Optimization**: Automatic image processing

### Monitoring
- **Vercel Analytics**: Built-in performance monitoring
- **Error Tracking**: Automatic error reporting
- **Uptime Monitoring**: 99.9% uptime guarantee

## 🔄 Updates and Maintenance

### Deploying Updates
1. **Push to GitHub**: Your changes will auto-deploy
2. **Environment Variables**: Update in Vercel dashboard
3. **Database Changes**: Handle through API routes

### Scaling
- **Automatic Scaling**: Vercel handles traffic spikes
- **Global Distribution**: Edge functions worldwide
- **Zero Downtime**: Seamless deployments

## 📞 Support

- **Vercel Docs**: [vercel.com/docs](https://vercel.com/docs)
- **Clerk Docs**: [clerk.com/docs](https://clerk.com/docs)
- **Next.js Docs**: [nextjs.org/docs](https://nextjs.org/docs)

---

**Your RAN Insight Pro application is now ready for production deployment on Vercel!** 🎉
